Improve DestinationRule Security Best Practices (#10364)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/best-practices/security/index.md

Istio offers the ability to [originate TLS](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-tls-origination/) from a sidecar proxy or gateway.
This enables applications that send plaintext HTTP traffic to be transparently "upgraded" to HTTPS.

Care must be taken when configuring the `DestinationRule`'s `tls` setting to specify the `caCertificates` and `subjectAltNames` fields.

> The `caCertificate` can be automatically set as the OS CA certificate by enabling the environment variable `VERIFY_CERTIFICATE_AT_CLIENT=true` on Istiod.

Reviewer: OS?

Reviewer 2: I would call it "the system's certificate store". Quoted from some Mozilla page

Author: I will use `Operating System` instead (if it's a different concern please correct me).

> Specifying the `caCertificates` in a `DestinationRule` will take priority and the OS CA Cert will not be used.

Reviewer 2: should mention you can explicitly set it to "system" on a DR

Author: I'll add that!

{{< warning >}}

> When `caCertificates` is not set, the servers certificate will not be verified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When `caCertificates` is not set, the servers certificate will not be verified against any CA certificate.
```

> When `caCertificates` is not set, the servers certificate will not be verified.
> When `subjectAltNames` is not set, the Subject Alternative Names of the servers certificate will not be verified.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to verify the server's certificate it is important that both `caCertificates` and `subjectAltNames` be set.

Verification of the certificate presented by the server against a CA is not sufficient, as the Subject Alternative Names must also be validated.
```

Reviewer 3: We should also mention that `sni` should be configured as part of a DestinationRule.
